When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all 
your work local?

If you're sharing with others, it makes sense to have a remote repository 
to collaborate. That way, other people can easily access your files.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git 
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

You might be doing your own offshoot of a project, so Git automatically
writing over that would be pretty annoying.


Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would 
you use one instead of another?

Branches are just used within one repository to keep track of different
changes being made (bug fixes, new features). Cloning and forking is 
similar, but cloning is done to pull a repository from GitHub to your
local repository, while forking is done to make changes to someone
else's public repo when you're not a collaborator. You can edit their
things without messing with their stuff but while still giving them
the credit for coming up with it. It's basically a fancy, collaborative
clone.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

You can figure out how to merge it with your master branch sometime later
without internet connection, instead of having to do it all at once.


How would you collaborate without using Git or Github? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Without these tools, I would probably just be coding with someone to make
sure we were on the same page. The communication would be great, but
it's obviously not practical to be working with all of your partners
all the time.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than 
directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

A separate branch allows you to deviate from the course of the master
branch, like if in a game you wanted to add a new game mode. Like
it was pointed out in the question, this is a bit more complicated,
but it makes sure things aren't broken in the master and that you
can make your changes by yourself. If you do work in master,
it will be much easier to stay up to date.
