How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the 
bug that was introduced?

You can quickly see differences in things like length, to visually help 
spot differences. This is much easier than trying to remember what's 
different about some code.


How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a
more efficient programmer in the long term?

It gives you more context to changes. When making changes to someone
else's code, seeing the history can give you a better look into
their thought process.


What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to 
create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically
saved, like Google Docs does?

Manually committing is good because it is flexible. Not all changes are
equal and only you know what's really a logical time to commit. On the
other hand, automatic committing is nice because it makes sure no
commit is too large and eliminates needing the user to remember
to commit.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving
multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat
each file separately?

It's probably rare that you need to keep multiple Google Docs files
together, since they're generally independent. However, since Git
mainly targets code, it's pretty important that we have that
ability.


How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of
files?

git log shows the individual commits with their messages, which gives you
a high-level view of any changes that were made. git diff can be used
to really see what changed between commits.


How might using version control make you more confident to make changes 
that could break something?

You always know that you can go back to when things worked fine. Plus,
assuming you commit smartly, you can find the problems very easily with
the technique we just used.


Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using
Git for?

I immediately need it for my Android development course, but I know I
will need it for future jobs and I especially want to be proficient
in it for the hackathon.
